AI Generates interactive coding lessons (through html slides) for teens within a fun coding workspace.

Coding workspace has two main sections:
1. Interactive slides on the left.
 2. The code editor. Center/right
3. The browser/console section opens on right when needed. (  via icon or with run button.)

A. instructional area shows the lesson. Students complete a coding challenge or does quizzes or learns concepts through diagrams or other interactive slides as he progresses.

B. lesson slides and slides design is generated via AI prompting. Chat UI sits on the right (can be minimized) while building the lesson/slides on the workspace. Could use: https://www.simple-ai.dev/blocks/chat#chat-01 

Each new "Chat" will open a new "Lesson/set of slides". Each new lesson generation starts with 3 system files (hidden to users - only for slides) for the AI Agent to build with:
A. HTML File (which is slide 1) "placeholder: Build your Lesson with Mumu the AI Agent" ( Placeholder is replaced once building starts.)
Each html file is a new slide.
B. CSS File (central styling for slides)
C. JS File for interactivity in slides (accordions, quizzes, etc.)


A great backend for this is: https://github.com/restackio/examples-typescript/tree/main/agent-tool  
https://docs.restack.io/blueprints/agent-toolcall 

Example of system "tools" available to the AI agent:
Create new lesson/chat.
Create new html file.
Edit file.

Code Testing Tool:
At the end of Challenge slides (that require the student code in the editor), add "tests section" that shows name (Test1) and description (Add a function call doghouse), with hidden validation (regex or mocha code that checks if test completes when "Run" button is clicked.)

A webhook connects the validation, when the run button is clicked and provides a fun result. 
Max. 3 tests per Challenge slide.

Ongoing:
AI agent can edit ( or adding or removing) the lesson slides files ( Html, CSS and JS) after the lesson has generated.
Should also detect what slide it is currently on, to be able to make edits to that specific slide based on the chat interactions.

Start with javascript initial language option.


----



